this video is brought to you by game
anyone calm
let's see if I can do anything on
terminal let's try the tar why not why
not
a little rusty 12 vibes not exactly mine
my best outing but you know what it's
not that bad so let's throw the old
grenade at the start hopefully get
somebody all right ah nice snipe I guess
I'll get thermal so what's still a
pretty good damn snipe if I'm off that
staircase I'm probably gonna get sniped
so there's no point running up there
that guy sniping up a storm
oh that could end really badly so I'm
not gonna go in there
frankly I don't know where to go right
now
oh my god I had a claymore well yay
shotgun a knife all right let's try and
run back inside here I'd saw him coming
sue just fuckin stupid
why it sucks for that guy they really
gave him a bad spawn are you fuck
don't create me
I don't know where this guy's ad
Oh fairy was I hit a guy that snipers
also back over there ah
where that grenade come from just fire a
bunch of shots the guy over here
somewhere
like I just kill them
I'm sorry you're not filling your spot
a sniper's deadly I'm telling you
Oh got an assist on him anyway thought
that was a guy um some problems going on
out there some problems over here oh wow
that guy was pretty clever about that I
have a grenade too but I squandered it I
squandered my grenade oh that sucks I'm
dead I'm dead I can't believe like that
oh my god that guy died and I did not
yes
alright I'm out of here what this just
have a have a going-away present that's
about all I can say it worked out
anybody else see anybody and UAV that's
not good though no it's hoping to get
the same effect as last time but not not
quite there's a guy over here knifing
people oh my god that showcased by me
almost getting rocked by that grenade so
all around this is bad times
what sucks of that guy okay there's
definitely a guy over there but I'm
gonna leave ow
odd fucking damn it
Wow sucked I guess the guy off the got
off the plane or got killed
thank you awesome I shouldn't have lived
but whatever I'll take it okay I'm gonna
get killed because of that guy that's
not going to be cool
all right it's just like UAB after UAV
at their care package after you know
blank insert whatever the hell you need
there
this is just nothing here there's just
bad times snipers and oh my god that
helicopters being gay and we got wrote I
did all right my team didn't three and
twenty-one that's that's not gonna win
any awards that's not gonna win any
medals except for a lot of Purple Hearts
that's all you're gonna get for that
well there's no wonder I was kind of
struggling didn't have the best of
friends on that one